Add "Build the doc" section in the readme (#3311)
powsybl/powsybl-core: README.md

Read [Install](#install) to generate an installed iTools distribution, a standalone external folder that contains all
the built objects required to run powsybl programs.

## Build the documentation

> To locally build the readthedocs documentation follow the instructions in the [documentation README](https://github.com/powsybl/powsybl-core/tree/main/docs) page.

Reviewer: Maybe a direct link to the README.md would be better, since a long tree is displayed before the documentation when using the directory link:

```suggestion
To locally build the readthedocs documentation follow the instructions in the [documentation README](https://github.com/powsybl/powsybl-core/blob/main/docs/README.md) page.
```
